Add footnote about links to md files not in ToC (#1939)
jupyter-book/mystmd: docs/cross-references.md

    : If you override the text in the link, that will be used.
  - [**bold _reference_**](#targeting-headers)
* - `[](./citations.md)`

>     : Link to documents using relative links from the markdown[^3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    : Link to documents using relative links from the markdown[^no-toc].
```

  - [Admonition](xref:spec#admonition)
```

> [^3]: To link to a page, that file must be included in the project's [table of contents](./table-of-contents.md). If it isn't, then the document will be presented as a static file.

Reviewer: I'm going to change this to a non-numeric footnote, so that it's stable if we make future changes above!

> [^3]: To link to a page, that file must be included in the project's [table of contents](./table-of-contents.md). If it isn't, then the document will be presented as a static file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^no-toc]: To link to a page, that file must be included in the project's [table of contents](./table-of-contents.md). If it isn't, then the document will be presented as a static file.
```

### Header Targets

> To add labels to a header use `(my-section)=` before the header, these can then be used in markdown links and {myst:role}`ref` roles. This is helpful if you want to quickly insert links to other parts of your book. Referencing a heading will show the heading and the subsequent two pieces of content[^4], unless a header is encountered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add labels to a header use `(my-section)=` before the header, these can then be used in markdown links and {myst:role}`ref` roles. This is helpful if you want to quickly insert links to other parts of your book. Referencing a heading will show the heading and the subsequent two pieces of content[^heading-content], unless a header is encountered.
```

> [^4]: The content could be a single paragraph, a figure, table or list. It can also be fully interactive content, with cross-references to other content, allowing you to nest and follow references easily!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^heading-content]: The content could be a single paragraph, a figure, table or list. It can also be fully interactive content, with cross-references to other content, allowing you to nest and follow references easily!
```
